to review the results of the test
login to your user account
click on my account
enter your ID number
and key the security characters
and press enter
once from your account select the
evaluation results option
select the period
I premium search
the system was scored high
notify you that you belong to the group of
high performance home
and it will show you the pre race
selected
if you are satisfied with this race you should
notify him
checking the option accept
he always finds the conditions of
service
to finish press the save button
you have completed the process and your quota
it's guaranteed
in case of our agreement with the
Preselected career check the option
not accept
take into account that if you do not hit correctly you should
perform the application process to
same as the aspirants who are not
within the high performance group read
and accept the service conditions
to finish press the save button
steps to apply
enter the option
the races you selected will appear
as preferred in registration with the
possibility to modify them and even
select more options
remember to select the races in
order of preference take into account that
is more likely to access
those careers that present minor
number of applicants
this can be verified in the table
demand for options the system requires
enter at least 5 runs once
nothing the career options read and
accept the conditions of service for
finish press the record button
finish wait for the publication of
results of the final assignment
on the established date national system
leveling and admission